Dilettante: A blog about a little bit of everything, by Henry Porter

Dilettante is traditionally a pejorative term used to describe people who acquire a shallow but broad knowledgebase, as opposed to someone who might prefer a deeper but more narrow range of same. In contemporary society, reading books, the best way of improving one's knowledge in a specific subject, is becoming increasingly rare. Instead, we consume a neverending supply of tweets, gossip and short-term political news. Satirical television programs like Last Week Tonight are intended to push society towards an interest in long-term governance and policy issues, as opposed to political stories of the day, which are often trivial. Dilettente follows John Oliver's example, but for the subject areas where Henry Porter has some expertise. It cannot be denied, however, that Henry is a product of the millenial generation. He embraces this simple fact by taking Dilettante as the name of his blog, then uses the latter to find the golden mean between broad and deep thinking.

AIMS

Showcase a selection of blog articles about a range of topics to the end-user while maintaining a fashionable, minimalist aesthetic.

Demonstrate to potential employers Henry's capacity for frontend design and development.

Impose a structure on Henry's personal learning and reading habits such that this passive, consistent practice benefits his career
while improving the quality of his ideas.

FEATURES

A sleek, attractive, animated definition of the word 'dilettante' appears on home page on load (Javascript). This is a homage to Pulp
Fiction.

An interactive triangular button removes this definition and loads the selection of articles (Jquery, Bootstrap)

The articles are displayed in a bootstrap grid for grid size optimization across screen sizes

The subjects Henry writes about (Film, STEM, History) demonstrate to the user a little about his personal and professional interests

Optimized across XL,L,M,S screen sizes

LANGUAGES USED

HTML
CSS
Javascript
Jquery
Bootstrap